content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
role: McWilliams Fellow
avatar_filename: avatar.jpg
bio: My research interests include multi-messanger astronomy, RF electronics and
  communication and applied statistics.
interests:
  - Fast Radio Bursts
  - Radio Astronomy
  - Astrophysical Transients
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://www.cmu.edu/cosmology/people/index.html
  - icon: graduation-cap
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=T7u0EccAAAAJ&hl=en
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/Astronomer-Mohit
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohit-bhardwaj-747154a0/
organizations:
  - name: Carnegie Mellon University
    url: https://www.cmu.edu/physics/
education:
  courses:
    - course: McWilliam postdoctoral fellow
      institution: Carnegie Mellon University
      year: 
    - course: PhD in Physics
      institution: McGill University
      year: "2022"
    - course: M.Sc (Hons.) Physics
      institution: " Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani"
      year: 2017
    - course: B.E in Electrical and Electronics Engineering
      institution: " Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani"
      year: 2017
superuser: true
highlight_name: false
title: Mohit Bhardwaj
email: mohitb@andrew.cmu.edu
---
Mohit Bhardwaj is a McWilliams postdoctoral fellow in the Department of Physics, Carnegie Mellon University. His research interests include multi-messenger astronomy, RF electronics and communication, and applied statistics. He is a member of the [Canadian Hydrogen Intensity Mapping Experiment (CHIME)](https://chime-experiment.ca/en) where he works on newly discovered astrophysical mystery, [Fast Radio Bursts (FRBs)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fast_radio_burst).  Within the CHIME/FRB collaboration, he is leading the multi-wavelength follow-up and host association of nearby FRBs. Please read his article below on why local Universe FRBs are awesome!

{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my resumé.

<!-- {{< staticref "https://drive.google.com/file/d/17QTPOupkoY1KcN92X3-XgudZgnk-yVOe/view?usp=sharing" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}. -->

Commit message:

Revise author details for Mohit Bhardwaj
Updated role, bio, interests, and contact information for Mohit Bhardwaj. Changed affiliation to Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur and revised educational details.

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
role: Assistant Professor
avatar_filename: avatar.jpg
bio: My research focuses on fast radio bursts and other astrophysical transients, compact objects, radio astronomy instrumentation, and astrostatistics.
interests:
  - Fast Radio Bursts
  - Astrophysical Transients
  - Radio Astronomy Instrumentation
  - Astrostatistics
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://iitk.ac.in/space/faculty
  - icon: graduation-cap
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=T7u0EccAAAAJ&hl=en
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/Astronomer-Mohit
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohit-bhardwaj-747154a0/
organizations:
  - name: Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur
    url: https://iitk.ac.in/
education:
  courses:
    - course: Assistant Professor
      institution: Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur
      year: September 2025 - current
    - course: McWilliam postdoctoral fellow
      institution: Carnegie Mellon University
      year: 2022-2025
    - course: PhD in Physics
      institution: McGill University
      year: "2023"
    - course: M.Sc (Hons.) Physics
      institution: " Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani"
      year: 2017
    - course: B.E in Electrical and Electronics Engineering
      institution: " Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani"
      year: 2017
superuser: true
highlight_name: false
title: Mohit Bhardwaj
email: mohitb@iitk.ac.in
---
I am an Assistant Professor in the Department of Physics at IIT Kanpur, where I study fast radio bursts (FRBs), compact objects, and other astrophysical transients. My work combines radio observations, multi-wavelength follow-up, and statistical inference to understand how these extreme phenomena originate and how they can be used to probe their surrounding environments. At IIT Kanpur, I have founded the STARBEAMS group (Stellar Transient Analysis and Radio Burst Exploration And Mapping Squad), which brings together students interested in the physics of transient sky phenomena, radio astronomy instrumentation, and data-driven astrophysics. I enjoy working closely with students and fostering a collaborative and supportive research environment. If you are a prospective student or researcher interested in transient astrophysics, radio astronomy, or astrostatistics, I would be happy to connect and discuss opportunities in my group.

{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my resumé.

<!-- {{< staticref "https://drive.google.com/file/d/17QTPOupkoY1KcN92X3-XgudZgnk-yVOe/view?usp=sharing" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}. -->
